Hi, I'm David Maldonado
A strategist from Guatemala,
based in Hsinchu, Taiwan
finishing my Global MBA at NYCU
For the past seven years
I've worked across ventures and strategy
Leading analysis and implementations for more than 50 clients across six markets
improving client retention
And doubling implementation targets
Today I work between two worlds
I run cross-regional sourcing between Latin America and Asia
earning responses from major top-tier
manufacturers in Thailand, Vietnam and China
And I build with AI: automation workflows
and applied research on how language models remember
What ties it all together is simple
I turn distance, language and culture
into deals, ventures, and working systems
I'm the bridge between two worlds.
If you're building something across markets
I'd love to talk.